README.md, before:

# Playlist Converter++
### _Read, Manage, Convert & Create Playlists_
PC++ is a powerful playlist manager, You can use it to create or convert media playlists.
It can read the following playlist types:
- M3U/M3U8 (Mp3 URL)
- PLS (SHOUTcast)
- XML Shareable Playlist Format (XSPF)
- JSON Shareable Playlist Format (JSPF)
- foobar2000 Playlists (FPL)
- Microsoft Windows Media Player (WPL)
- Advanced Stream Redirector (ASX)
- Media Player Classic (MPCPL)
- AIMP Playlists (AIMPPL)
- Old Winamp playlists (B4S)
- Basic Text Files (TXT)

It can also create as many types and even more! 

## Features

- Cross-platform, You can run it on *nix systems, windows etc...
- i686 (32bit) support (Windows)
- Extremely fast and low on resources
- Highly customizable
- Unicode support
- ID3 Fixer, You can use it to fix and replenish playlists
- Detailed Logs
- Pretty modern interface available in two modes: Dark/Light
- more!

## Downloads

To make sure you're downloading the latest binaries check the [releases](https://github.com/Xen-E/pcxx/releases) page.



## Building

PC++ built using the [Qt](https://www.qt.io) framework (**5.15.2**), that means you need to have a Qt toolchain installed in your system... Make sure to have the **Qt Designer** as well so you can open the project file.

#### Linux
Also make sure you have [TagLib](https://taglib.org) library in your system, If you use Linux (Debian/Ubuntu...etc) open the terminal and type:
```console
sudo apt install libtag1-dev
```
Arch Linux:
```console
sudo pacman -S taglib
```
#### Windows
In Windows you gonna need to download the source files and build it yourself, Nothing special just cmake stuff... Example:
```console
mkdir build && cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF ..
make
```
> Notice that `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF` will produce a **static** version which is important.

After that modify the Qt Project file (**PCxx_QT.pro**) and change the old library path to the new one.

## License
Playlist Converter++ is Licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3 (LGPLv3).
Please read the COPYING.LESSER file for more info. OR visit the [Free Software Foundation](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html) website.

Commit message:

Adding windows installers to downloads section

README.md, after:

# Playlist Converter++
### _Read, Manage, Convert & Create Playlists_
PC++ is a powerful playlist manager, You can use it to create or convert media playlists.
It can read the following playlist types:
- M3U/M3U8 (Mp3 URL)
- PLS (SHOUTcast)
- XML Shareable Playlist Format (XSPF)
- JSON Shareable Playlist Format (JSPF)
- foobar2000 Playlists (FPL)
- Microsoft Windows Media Player (WPL)
- Advanced Stream Redirector (ASX)
- Media Player Classic (MPCPL)
- AIMP Playlists (AIMPPL)
- Old Winamp playlists (B4S)
- Basic Text Files (TXT)

It can also create as many types and even more! 

## Features

- Cross-platform, You can run it on *nix systems, windows etc...
- i686 (32bit) support (Windows)
- Extremely fast and low on resources
- Highly customizable
- Unicode support
- ID3 Fixer, You can use it to fix and replenish playlists
- Detailed Logs
- Pretty modern interface available in two modes: Dark/Light
- more!

## Downloads

To make sure you're downloading the latest binaries check the [releases](https://github.com/Xen-E/pcxx/releases) page.

#### Windows
For x86-64 architecture (64bit): [PCxx_x86_64_setup.exe](https://github.com/Xen-E/pcxx/releases/download/1.0/PCxx_x86_64_setup.exe)
For i686 architecture (32bit): [PCxx_i686_setup.exe](https://github.com/Xen-E/pcxx/releases/download/1.0/PCxx_i686_setup.exe)

#### Linux
_Working on it._


## Building

PC++ built using the [Qt](https://www.qt.io) framework (**5.15.2**), that means you need to have a Qt toolchain installed in your system... Make sure to have the **Qt Designer** as well so you can open the project file.

#### Linux
Also make sure you have [TagLib](https://taglib.org) library in your system, If you use Linux (Debian/Ubuntu...etc) open the terminal and type:
```console
sudo apt install libtag1-dev
```
Arch Linux:
```console
sudo pacman -S taglib
```
#### Windows
In Windows you gonna need to download the source files and build it yourself, Nothing special just cmake stuff... Example:
```console
mkdir build && cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF ..
make
```
> Notice that `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF` will produce a **static** version which is important.

After that modify the Qt Project file (**PCxx_QT.pro**) and change the old library path to the new one.

## License
Playlist Converter++ is Licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3 (LGPLv3).
Please read the COPYING.LESSER file for more info. OR visit the [Free Software Foundation](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html) website.
